I am a singer and composer
poetry
but if I should choose what
Otherwise it would be the same for everyone
fall lions there hear acrobats wizard
Dancer and an Indian girl
my songs are i would say
modern fairy tale with the slope to
nostalgia
the thought co
stories that play on fairs
or
about one-armed hunchback I write
totally like outsiders
as marc outsider maybe
maybe with the message behind it
that only that which lies in the hidden lies
What you do not see at first
Immediately realize that that really
especially for three years I have
now a wonderful band on my side
she is the poorer one , so to speak
heart which lives the songs
there we have christian with
its too big a drum felix
trumpets simon who also plays the squeeze
and our real russian evgeny
from Kazakhstan
what really wants
the freedom end
which drawer our musician me
Of course, no one would say that
there is always jazz and swing under all
and a lot of blues and we like polka and
dance music
but for me i can say that is
totally lost my heart in stress-son
has and what it really important is
that is that the music is in german
I sing in german
this is the authentic feel of
for me and actually gives me one
home feeling
Well, we are already so often across
Traveled through the republic and have in
jazzclubs dress and theaters and on
played festivals and even to one
circus now it's really time
but to release a debut album
nothing going on without moss
so support us now
startnext are the first exception
already in the box and thanks to the
producers of health resorts excellent and
become phenomenal
Unfortunately, the financial does not end
in the studio but only after that begins
right
We will incur additional costs
us to such a physical master layout
homepage posters flyers to motion and
several other besides productions and around
we need to master this
it starts something like a
fairer trade he donates money
how does it get from us depending on
height of the day line donates lollis
posters autographed cds concert tickets
or even a house concert and the
Coronation of all is that I introduce you
own look so please write please
please third party and support
and be part of erna roth times around